feat(overlay): Add new components and adjust current ones (#5516)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/dev-overlay-plugin-reference.mdx

### `astro-dev-overlay-window`

Shows a window.

The slot of the component will be used as the content of the window.

```html
<astro-dev-overlay-window>
  <p>My content</p>
</astro-dev-overlay-window>
```

When building a window using JavaScript, remember that slotted content must go inside the light DOM of the component.

```js
const myWindow = document.createElement('astro-dev-overlay-window');
const myContent = document.createElement('p');
myContent.textContent = 'My content';

// GOOD:
myWindow.appendChild(myContent);

// BAD:
myWindow.shadowRoot.appendChild(myContent);
```

### `astro-dev-overlay-button`

Shows a button.

The slot of the component will be used as the content of the button.

```js
const myButton = document.createElement('astro-dev-overlay-button');
myButton.textContent = 'Click me!';
myButton.buttonStyle = "purple";
myButton.size = "medium";

myButton.addEventListener('click', () => {
  console.log('Clicked!');
});
```

#### `size`

The size of the button, possible values are `small`, `medium` and `large`.

#### `button-style`

> The style of the button, possible values are `ghost`, `outline`, `purple`, `gray`, and `red`. When using `ghost`, only the content of the button will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The style of the button (`ghost`, `outline`, `purple`, `gray`, `red`). When using `ghost`, the button itself is invisible and only the content of the button will be shown.
```
Assuming this is the intention behind the name, I think the little added bit helps make that connection.

> In JavaScript, this property can be set using the `buttonStyle` property, as to avoid conflict with the native `style` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, set this property using the `buttonStyle` property to avoid conflict with the native `style` property.
```
They might not *have* to do this, but it sounds like it's just gonna be safer if they do, so I'm fine with giving them a direct instruction to follow.

### `astro-dev-overlay-badge`

Shows a badge.

The slot of the component will be used as the content of the badge.

```html
<astro-dev-overlay-badge>My badge</astro-dev-overlay-badge>
```

#### `size`

> The size of the badge, possible values are `small` and `large`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size of the badge (`small`, `large`).
```

#### `badge-style`

> The style of the badge, possible values are `purple`, `gray`, `red`, `green`, and `yellow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The style (color) of the badge (`purple`, `gray`, `red`, `green`, `yellow`).
```
It feels a tiny bit weird to have the property be named `style` when the options are all colours. I might therefore add (color) in brackets as a bit of extra context.

Author: Yeah, I chose `style` for the convention and in case in the future there's actual styles in there. It is wonky!

> In JavaScript, this property can be set using the `badgeStyle` property, as to avoid conflict with the native `style` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, set this property using the `buttonStyle` property to avoid conflict with the native `style` property.
```
